Salaxy.ApiClient
================

The .Net Client libraries for Salaxy Open API

Salaxy.Client.Api
-----------------

The main core client library for Salaxy Open API. This library is used to interact with Salaxy Open API.
It resolves the issue that adding enumeration values is not considered a breaking change in the Salaxy API,
but adding enum values breaks .Net clients generated by Visual Studio.

To use the Salaxy.Client library, you need to add the following NuGet package to your project:

```csharp
Salaxy.Client
```

For a simple test to connect to Salaxy API, you may create a console application and add the following code:

```csharp
Console.WriteLine(await Salaxy.Client.Tester.QuickAnonTest());
```

Ask for more examples specific to your usecases from Palkkaus customer services / developer support.

Salaxy.Client.Import
--------------------

The Salaxy.Client.Import library is used to import data to Salaxy Open API using a separte import / staging service and database.
The purpose of this import / staging service is to:

- Make it easier to **upsert** meaning insert or update depending on whether the data already exists
  based on a source ID in the source system.
- Provide a layer where custom partner or customer specific code may be added to process and modify the data
  before it is imported to Salaxy Open API
- Provide a Staging area where data may be checked and approved before it is committed to final Payroll data
- Perform a set of validation errors especially designed for import usecases to catch potential errors early  
  and to provide meaningful error messages to developers
- Provide pricing and absences functionality especially designed for import usecases
- Provide real-time reporting capabilities to staging data with committed Payroll data.
  - I.e. salary slips to Employees based on hours / absences just added to the calendar

To use the Salaxy.Client.Import library, you need to add the following NuGet package to your project:

```csharp
Salaxy.Client
```

For a simple test to connect to Salaxy API, you may create a console application and add the following code:

```csharp
Console.WriteLine(await Salaxy.Client.TODO.TODO.TODO.TODO());
```

Ask for more examples specific to your usecases from Palkkaus customer services / developer support.